( crowd shouting )
- Man: You oughta let us go! Whoo!
- ( glass shatters )
- ( helicopter blades whirring )
- Man #2: We own these streets...
(sirens wailing)
( people cheering )
- Man: We out!
- Man #2: Horse shit! Yeah!
Man:
You going down!
- Chris.
- Dad!
What do you see out there?
I told you to stop looking.
Some guy, he was--
he was messed up, Dad.
Just come away
from the window.
( officer speaking
on bullhorn, indistinct)
( distant sirens wailing )
(door rattling )
(thuds)
What was that sound?
I don't know, but it's gone.
What did Mr. Dawson do
to the Cruzes?
- He's gone.
- Yeah, but what the hell did he do?
Madison: I don't know.
We're safe inside, okay?
Oh, come on, Nick.
Please, just swallow them.
No, it takes too long to absorb.
I'm not there yet.
The idea is to wean you
off of the pills, not to get--
Um, who's the expert?
Hey, Mom, I need more.
No shit.
Later.
Well, how much do we have?
We have enough to get you east.
Don't worry.
- And then?
- And then you how! at the moon.
Look, Travis will be here.
We'll go.
- You sure?
- Nick.
He's coming.
Okay.
- Come back.
- ( sirens wailing)
-( helicopter blades whirring )
-( people clamoring )
As soon as this settles down,
we move.
Go back the way we came,
get to the truck, and we're gone.
Chris: We're gonna go back
to Madison's after this?
- Yeah.
- Why can't we just leave?
Just us.
- Chris...
-( banging)
- ( men shouting )
- Damn it.
- They're breaking in.
- Travis: Huh?
Ofelia:
They're breaking in next door.
( clamoring )
Well, we're safe here.
They won't come in here.
Liza:
How do you know?
What are they
gonna steal, combs?
The police will have it sorted
in an hour, two tops.
You said that two hours ago.
- Can I use your phone again?
- Ofelia: I'll get it.
- Travis: Thank you.
- ( touch tones beeping )
Daniel:
Hey...
Put that back.
(banging)
Man: Come on!
We can come down now!
- Thank you.
- Man #2: Break it up!
(distant banging )
(man whooping )
There's more than combs here,
you know.
I know.
I was just trying to make--
Yeah, make your boy believe
everything's gonna be fine.
What happens
if what's out there gets in here?
We run.
Where?
In different directions.
Chris:
Dad.
- What?
- ( alarm ringing)
The wall's getting hot.
Liza:
We've got to go.
(speaking Spanish )
( alarm continues )
All right,
we get out of here.
We stay close.
Get to the truck.
- Okay.
- Daniel: La plata, el dinero...
Do not get away from me.
Ofelia:
Vémonos.
Okay.
Conmigo, juntos.
Okay, everybody together.
Juntas, huh?
Go ahead.
( people screaming )
Go, go, go,
go, go, go, go!
( helicopter blades whirring )
Dad, come on.
Vémonos.
(grunting)
( screams )
- Dad?
- Chris.
- Come here.
(screaming )
(clamoring continues)
This way.
Whoo!
(snarling )
( glass shatters )
(shouting )
( officer speaking
on bullhorn, indistinct)
(sirens wailing)
(theme music playing )
( footsteps )
- Alicia: Really?
- Yep.
- I'm the top hat.
- Car.
Shoe.
Dad was always the shoe.
Madison:
Daddy wouldn't mind.
So, what do you want to be,
the thimble?
No.
- I'm the car.
- Chris: The car.
All right.
Thank you.
All right, who wants to go first?
Youngest to oldest.
lam gonna wipe the floor
with you guys. I can feel it.
This game's evil, dude.
Kindergarten capitalism.
Yeah.
Shut up and roll.
( officer speaking
on bullhorn, indistinct)
- ( glass shatters )
- ( sirens wailing)
( clamoring )
Pull me up, man!
- I got you, boy.
- Pull me up!
Yo, here.
Let's go.
- Yeah!
- Whoo!
( people shouting )
( officer speaking
on bullhorn, indistinct)
(woman screams )
(banging)
( speaks Spanish )
- ( gun fires)
- ( gas canisters hissing )
Watch your head,
watch your head.
Mama! Mama!
Oh, no!
Oh!
- Griselda!
- Mama!
Dad!
Guys, help!
Help!
- Lift up, lift up!
- She's stuck!
Be careful, be careful,
be careful, be careful!
Be careful!
You got to be careful.
There's my truck.
Open the back tray.
Okay. It's okay.
It's okay, it's okay.
- It's okay.
- ( screaming )
Liza:
You're going into shock.
(engine starts)
All right, stay with me.
Talk to her, talk to her.
(tires squealing )
Hey, where you goin'?
Get 'em! Get 'em!
( officer speaking
on bullhorn, indistinct)
( crowd shouting )
Come at me!
I ain't done nothin'! What?
Ofelia: Careful, careful.
You're hurting her.
I know, sorry.
Talk to her.
(speaking Spanish )
( gasps )
( Ofelia speaking Spanish )
We need a doctor, Trav.
Damn.
Chris:
All right, all right, all right.
One, two, three, four, five.
And that's Boardwalk.
- Oh, my God.
- And lwill buy that, please.
-Gmm.
- All right, all right.
- All right, Boardwalk is sold.
- $400.
There you go.
Hey, hey, hey.
Alicia:
Calm down, play fair.
- Do not treat the banker like that.
- Thank you very much.
- And that's the pair.
- You always get all the good ones.
Oh, look at that.
l'm crushing you guys.
You're pathetic.
( distant gunshots echo )
Mom.
( dice rattle, clatter)
(tapping )
10.
How long are we gonna wait?
We can go to sleep soon.
Yeah, I can't sleep when I'm waiting
for someone to come home.
Having a major case
of déja vu right now.
Man on radio: Governors in 11 states
have declared a state of emergency
and requested the assistance
of the National Guard
to quell riots and protests...
(siren wailing)
What's wrong, Dad?
Officer on bullhorn:
Checkpoints have been established...
What the hell's going on?
( people clamoring )
( officer speaking
on bullhorn, echoing)
Officer on bullhorn:
You are not able to leave.
We're now closed down.
Checkpoints have been
established...
Sir?
We will shoot!
- ( gunfire)
- Get down!
Get down!
(speaking Spanish )
(gunfire)
( people screaming )
Everyone okay?
All right back there?
( people screaming )
( distant gunfire )
Man on radio:
...desperately need to get help.
Despite the fact that the citywide
curfew is now in effect,
we are still getting reports...
- Liza: Talk to her.
-( Daniel talking in Spanish )
- What's plan B, Liza?
- Another hospital.
No, they will all be like that.
( groans )
Is there somewhere
I can drop you?
- l-l want to help.
- Like I helped you?
ljust saved you from--
it doesn't matter.
Is there somewhere
I can take you?
You will take us with you.
- To my house.
- Yes.
I'll call my cousin
to come and get us,
and then we will be even.
You can stop keeping score.
l was not the one to start.
Dad.
So, what do we do
if he doesn't come back?
It's been, like, six hours.
How bad can traffic be?
Well, he--
Alicia, will you go put
the game away?
- Mom, I don't really wanna--
- You know the rules.
Loser puts the game away.
All right, I'm going.
Nick: Mom, you know
what's out there.
We can't stay here.
- I'm not trying to be an asshole.
- Good.
- He went to get his ex-wife.
- He went to get his son.
Yeah, his family.
I'm just saying--
Maybe he went home.
You know that thing you were saying
about not being an asshole?
- Hey, I'm sorry. ljust don't--
- ( door rattling )
Alicia:
lt's happening again.
(banging)
- Is it Mr. Dawson?
-Shh, shh, shh.
I don't see anything.
Okay, we need to get away
from the windows.
( softly ) You need to tell Alicia
what's out there.
No, she hasn't seen anything yet.
She might not have to.
Alicia, come on down here.
(scraping )
( door opens)
- Madison: Nick.
- Shh.
( rattling )
- Alicia: Don't open it!
- Don't open it!
It's just the dog,
it's just the dog.
Hey, hey.
Hey, it's okay.
It's okay. It's okay.
Hey, hey, hey.
- Madison: What is that?
- Alicia: ls-- is he hurt?
Nick: I don't think
that's his blood.
(whimpers, barking )
( barking )
( barking continues)
Okay, the Trans have a gun.
A shotgun.
I tried to steal it once.
Alicia, stay close.
Don't stop.
( barking continues)
Here, Mom.
Come on, come on,
come on, come on.
Okay.
Nick:
Okay. Follow me.
(objects clinking )
Nick.
Madison:
Susan? Patrick?
- Nick: Okay, they're not here.
- Madison: Okay.
Susan?
(squeaking )
- I got it, I got it.
- Oh, Jesus.
Um, okay, we need shells.
Try up there.
Okay. Whoa, careful.
Give it to me.
Okay.
- Okay, is there any more?
- I don't know.
(dog barking )
Mom? Mom?
Mom, someone's inside
our house.
What?
Here, Mom. Here.
Mom, Mom, load it.
Loadinloadit
Loadit
Watch out.
Stand back.
Careful.
( dog whimpers, growls)
(barking, growling)
( dog whimpers, barking )
- ( crunches)
- ( dog whimpers)
( barks )
- Mom--
- Shh, okay, we just stay here.
We'll just stay here.
No. No, no, no.
- lt's Travis. No.
- ( touch tones beeping )
- Oh, my God.
- It might not be him.
( disconnect tone beeping )
Madison:
Yeah, it's him.
Here, take this, take this.
Madison:
Travis!
Madison?
Maddy?
- ( footsteps approach )
- ( door opens )
- | asked you to wait in the car.
- We're staying with you.
Looks like no one's here, Dad.
The car's still in the driveway.
Gotta be here.
- Nick: Left, left, left, left.
- Madison: Travis!
- Okay, right. Left.
- Travis!
(munching)
(munching continues)
- Dad.
- Get back.
(snarling, munching)
Travis.
(munching continues)
Liza, get Chris in the car now.
Get out of here.
(snarling )
Pete r?
Hey, you're sick.
Hey.
- Chris: Dad.
- Come on, Peter, it's Travis.
- Dad, what are you doing?
- Get out of here!
- ( screams )
-(snaﬂs)
- Dad, Dad!
- Chris!
- Travis!
-( Liza shouts)
Travis?
Give me the gun.
The shells, the shells.
Where are the shells?
All right. Leave it, leave it.
Let's go.
- ( snarling )
- Liza: Travis, no!
Chris:
Dad!
- ( snarling)
- Dad!
(door squeaking )
( gasps )
(grunting)
- Dad!
- Peter, stop!
- Travis!
- No, put the gun down!
Move.
( cocks gun )
- ( gunshot )
-( Liza screams )
(growling)
( Daniel cocks gun )
( Liza screams )
(squeaking )
(thuds)
What did you do?
- ( objects clinking)
-( panting )
(wind chimes tinkling)
- ( snarling )
- ( screaming )
- Alicia: Mom!
- Here.
- ( snarling )
- ( screams )
Alicia!
Alicia, give me your hand!
Get off me!
-Ah!
- Just give me your hand!
Alicia!
Will you just get-- get off me!
- Chris.
- Ah!
- What happened?
l was trying to save you, Alicia!
- Travis: Just calm down.
- You okay? What happened?
- Dad, you calm down!
- Liza: Chris!
( infected snarling )
What's wrong with Su-su?
(growling)
Madison:
Susan? Oh, my God.
- Susan.
- Liza: She's sick.
- Was she bitten?
- I can't tell.
She's not sick.
She's dead.
No, that's-- that's not Matt.
He-- he's not like that.
He's-- he's not like that.
Mom, Matt's not like that.
That's not him!
- That's not Matt!
- I know, I know.
- Why would you say that?
- Madison: I know.
'Cause it's the truth.
( door opens)
Travis:
Hey, let me see.
- Mom can fix it.
- Come on.
You know how many times
I've had my nose broken?
Yeah.
Mom can fix it.
Come on.
Let me help.
Yeah.
Ow.
All right.
Hold on.
- ( electricity buzzes )
- Yep.
I don't think it's broken.
- ( water runs, stops )
- What was wrong with that man, Dad?
That woman?
Uh...
people are getting sick.
Will we?
You're gonna be all right.
We all will be.
Okay?
Come on.
We need to talk to everyone.
- ( moans)
- Liza: Sorry. I know, I know.
How's she doing?
You got anything
I could give her for the pain?
Nothing stronger than aspirin.
Um...
Uh, the phone's in the kitchen
if you need to make that call.
ldid.
My cousin is coming
to pick us up in the morning.
We'll set up your mom
in one of the bedrooms, okay?
- Thank you.
- Madison: Aren't we leaving?
Yeah, yeah, we will.
In the morning.
- No, Travis, we have to go.
-( helicopter blades whirring )
We're packed, we're ready.
We were just waiting for you.
Can we talk about this
in the kitchen?
No.
This thing's getting worse, not better.
It's not safe.
Madison, I think Travis is--
- No, it's not your place--
- Alicia: I don't wanna stay.
- I don't-- I wanna go.
-Lookn
- I wanna go. I don't wanna stay here.
- ( stammers ) Hold on.
Hold on. It is dark.
We don't even know
if the freeway is passable.
You expect us to wait here?
We'd be blind out there.
It's dangerous.
- And this isn't?
- Inside, doors locked.
We ride it out
for the night, okay?
We'll take care of each other.
Trust me, Maddy.
We'll leave in the morning.
If we're staying here,
you have to take care of Peter.
- ( dragging)
- ( Travis grunting )
( grunts, breathing heavily )
Daniel:
You can get gas from the truck.
- For what?
- To burn him.
No.
If you burn him,
the sickness will not spread.
We don't know how it spreads.
(grunting)
I understand.
You knew this man.
Yeah, I did.
He didn't deserve this.
It's true what you said...
they don't die.
They keep coming back.
What?
It's good,
what you're doing,
helping that woman,
Griselda.
I'm not helping her.
Yes, you are, Liza.
Give yourself a break.
I gave myself a break, Travis,
a long time.
Turns out I can do a lot more things
than I thought I could.
I know.
I mean, l-l always knew it.
No... you always said it.
If I had seven years now,
I can go to med school,
be a doctor.
It's too bad,
'cause that's what she needs.
Forget the fractures,
the lacerations.
When the foot was crushed,
the tissue began to die.
And it will die.
Infection will poison her blood.
- Her organs will fail.
- It won't come to that.
Oh, yeah?
Who's gonna stop it, you?
(soft laugh )
Can't fix everything, Travis.
Well, you know what?
I'm relieved.
I thought it was gonna be awkward
having two wives in the house.
( chuckles )
What's happening?
What is this?
Something to survive.
Okay, so we should go with them
tomorrow, then.
No.
( speaks Spanish )
We don't know
what's happening.
We can't handle this
on our own.
- I can handle it.
- Papa, we need help.
- They can help us.
- ( tsks )
Papa?
This is the wrong time
to be in someone else's debt.
They are not family.
(soft laugh )
Family.
Like your cousin?
Oye.
(speaking Spanish )
Papa".
( door opens, closes)
- ( snarling echoes)
- ( chimes tinkling)
Hey,angeL
Where'd you get the pills?
I went back to school.
Cops hadn't cleared out
thelocken
Smart girl.
I'm gonna take enough
to get Nick set in the desert,
and then give the rest
to that woman.
Griselda, good.
Hey...
I had to bring them.
Of course.
She was hurt.
No.
They took us in, Maddy.
Sorry about what Daniel did.
He had to.
I thought I lost you.
No, you didn't lose me.
You're never gonna lose me.
I won't leave you again.
( distant siren wailing )
Who can sleep, right?
Look, I don't wanna
cause problems.
Madison, I know
we're not friends.
I'm saying this to you
as a mother.
We should support each other,
you and me.
The kids need it.
They need reassurance
right now, and--
I need something from you.
That woman outside,
that's Susan.
- ( snarling )
- She watched my kids
when I went to work.
Took care of me
after my husband died.
Sounds like a good friend.
She was.
And if ever I end up like her,
I need you to take care of it.
Don't make Travis do it.
It would break him.
(wind chimes tinkling)
(snarling )
Morning, Susan.
(wheels rattling )
Daniel:
These barrels have a cylinder.
Bore choke
for wider spread of the ammo.
This is the brake.
- Okay.
- You load here.
Thank you.
These are #8 birdshot.
These are double-aught buck.
Those would stop something.
Okay.
- Feeling better?
- What the hell are you doing?
He'sjust showing me
the gun, Dad.
- Finish packing the truck.
- It's not a big deal.
Chris. Go.
( door closes)
The more the boy knows,
the safer he'll be.
- Uh-huh.
- I didn't see the harm, Trav.
You know how I feel about guns.
The gun doesn't care
how you feel about it.
That's enough.
We ready to go?
Cars are loaded, yeah.
l have one more thing to do.
(snarling )
Susan.
Maddy.
l was wondering
where her husband is.
Wondering what it'd been like
if you'd come home last night,
found me like this.
When he comes home,
finds her...
I didn't find you like that.
You think
Patrick's dead already?
You think hejust--
he left, never came home?
I don't know.
(Susan snarling )
Madison:
What is she?
Susan.
She's your friend.
It's all the more reason.
- She's dead.
- We don't know that.
- I do.
- We don't know anything yet.
What if even there's the smallest chance
that she can be helped?
It's not your call.
Give it to me before you do something
that can't be undone.
Madison.
(snarling )
( speaks Spanish )
Nick:
I need a couple more.
(sighs)
Mom.
Please.
Is that all we have?
I gave the rest to Griselda.
Why?
She needs it.
Mom, she's a stranger.
- She's in pain.
- So am |.
I know.
I'm gonna help.
I don't need you, Mom.
I need my medicine.
-( praying in Spanish)
-( knock on door)
( door opens)
( both speaking Spanish )
- Ofelia: They're leaving.
- Good.
This is insane, Papa.
We have to go with them.
No.
Tell me what you're afraid of.
Nothing.
You're being stubborn,
paranoid.
You're hurting Mama.
(speaking Spanish )
She needs the nurse.
I know Travis will let us
go with him if we ask.
Once they're gone,
I will go out, get a doctor.
- He will come and treat your mother.
- How?
Where are you gonna
find a doctor?
(speaking Spanish )
Mama...
( speaks Spanish )
Good people
are the first ones to die.
( speaks Spanish )
- Alicia!
-( honks horn)
Come on.
We're going.
( helicopter blades whirring )
Alicia, come on.
- I heard you.
- Let's go, huh?
Had to pee.
(sighs)
(engine starts)
( helicopter blades whirring )
Madison:
Patrick!
Patrick, wait.
No.
No, no, no, no.
Susan, I'm home.
( helicopter blades whirring )
Boy.
The airport's shut down.
I drove all the way
from Salt Lake.
I tried to call you, but...
- Patrick: Susan.
- Patrick! Patrick!
Don't touch her.
(snarling )
( echoes )
That's not your wife.
What happened to you, Susan?
(gunshot)
( clacking )
(sobbing )
- Man: Guys, go on back.
- Man #2: What the fuck?
(soldiers shouting )
( radio chatter)
( Patrick continues sobbing )
Man:
We have a possible infected here.
( continues indistinctly )
( radio chatter)
( chatter)
- Woman: What's your name, sir?
- Travis Manawa.
- This is your residence?
- Yes, my girlfriend's house.
- And what's your name, ma'am?
- Madison Clark.
- How many occupants?
- Um, nine-- nine altogether.
Big family.
Names, please?
I got Travis Manawa
and Madison Clark.
Uh, Nicholas Clark,
Alicia Clark,
Elizabeth Ortiz,
Christopher Manawa.
Um...
Daniel Salazar, Griselda Salazar,
Ofelia Salazar.
Female soldier: Okay, make sure that
everyone in your family stays inside.
Can you tell me where you took
my neighbor, Patrick Tran?
Your neighbor was covered
in the infected's blood.
It was his wife's blood.
That wasn't his wife anymore.
Is it contagious, the blood?
Is that how it happens?
Have you or anyone
in this house been exposed?
No.
What's that?
Our dog died.
Sorry to hear that.
( radio chatter)
Soldier #2:
Folks, get back inside.
We will come to you.
- ( soldiers chattering )
- ( engine humming)
( radio chatter continues )
(soldier #3
shouting indistinctly)
(jet engine roaring )
- ( distant siren wailing )
-( radio chatter)
(soldier shouts indistinctly )
( radio chatter)
- ( soldiers shouting )
- Travis: The cavalry's arrived.
It's gonna get better now.
Up. 90-
One second.
aQué pasa?
(spray can hissing )
( speaks Spanish )
(music playing )